yo what's up guys and welcome back to
brand new video here on my channel and
today's video i'm going to show you a
full on small optimization guide in
order to get more fps in fortnite it's
basically going to work on any type of
pc guys it doesn't matter if you're on a
laptop low end pc or even a high-end
gaming pc and i'm going to show you the
best methods in order to improve your
performance and we're going to focus
especially around your cpu since
fortnite is insanely cpu based i'm going
to show you the best ways to improve
your performance and if you guys enjoy
this type of content please don't forget
to leave a like and subscribe to my
channel that's what uploads mood say so
much and also don't forget to enter the
gtx 1080 giveaway guys it's gonna be the
pinned comment i'm still giving it away
guys yeah literally just the video click
onto it i explain everything in just
like a bunch of seconds about any
produce let's get straight into this
topic and yeah guys i prepared for you
here now a brand new optimization pack
guys with new tweaks here on your
windows pc and all you guys can do in
the first place is click on the first
link in description where you can find
my website guys on here i have tons of
optimization tweaks for basically
anything you guys can do to optimize
your pc to get more fps less input delay
stretch resolutions for fortnite and
basically anything you could ask for but
since we're looking today for fps boost
we're going to click here on this
category onto fps boost then you maybe
get like a small pop-up ad guys which
you can just simply close and then you
can use the side and there should be a
poster on the top guys with exactly the
same name and the same thumbnail and
also a bunch of other ones which i would
recommend you to check out 100
especially this one here is super
helpful and yeah then just simply click
onto it again as mentioned you might
maybe get like a small pop-up ad which
is going to close and then afterwards
just simply scroll down and here you can
find the download button which is going
to redirect you to google drive from
where you can download it guys and once
you get the file here on our pc we're
going to right click onto it and extract
it all here onto our desktop and in the
first place guys we get now process
lasso which is the best tool to optimize
your cpu we're gonna go through the
installation process here real quick we
can see something like launch process
lasso then we're gonna leave everything
here click onto install and then we
basically already have the program here
running in the background and what this
will help us is to put our cpu into high
performance mode and what i want to do
in the first place guys is actually now
go into my epic games launcher and make
sure that i run fortnite in the
background while doing this like you
have to have fortnite running and put it
just simply into windowed mode i'm just
going to show you real quick how you can
do it so guys simply leave it run in the
background and once we now in the
program itself we should find here
ourselves on the old processes of
fortnite xr and what are we going to do
is just simply scroll here through this
real quick until we can find it now here
guys and what we're going to do in the
first place is click onto it go on to
cpu affinity go on to current and make
sure guys that all of our cpu cores and
threads are selected guys here we're
going to make sure every single one of
them is selected my cpu has 8 cores 16
frets so therefore make sure all of them
are selected then in the next place guys
we have here induced performance mode
which we're going to enable as well and
you can see now that our fortnite has
been set to performance mode making sure
that our cpu is focusing mainly around
fortnite while playing and therefore we
will get way better performance and what
are we then also going to do is right
click onto it and make sure to put it to
exclude from pro balance because we
don't want to make sure that we have
like any like power savings mode while
playing it and after that guys we're
also going to click it now onto main go
on to active power profile and make sure
bits and highest performance or highest
performance is enabled any one of dc
guys those are the two best ones i'm
right now using the bits and heist
performance one make sure this one is
selected just making sure your cpu is
really running at a max speed guys
making sure that you have maximum fps in
fortnight and once we're done with that
guys we're gonna close the program here
itself already we're fully done and we
can also close basically fortnite
because we're gonna continue with the
next optimization steps and in this next
step now guys we're going to click onto
gaming optimization registry tweaks and
in here now we have a bunch of useful
registry tweaks which are disabling some
of the most important processes in the
background in order to get more fps on
your pc we have something like disabled
driver searching disable file history
service disable maintains disable power
throttling super important guys making
sure that your pc is running faster then
we also have something like disabled
windows telemetry which is basically
just creating cache files on your pc
disable energy estimation disable energy
logging then we're also going to put a
fortnight onto permanent high priority
mode super important as well you know so
you don't get to do it all the time here
with your task manager then we also have
something like keyboard data cue size
which we gotta put to the lowest amount
of latency possible as well then we have
the low latency mode maintain low
latency mode max fps and mouse later
queue size these are all going to help
you to overall get way more fps and less
ample delay on your pc so therefore just
simply click onto them and click onto
yes on each and every single one of them
applying them real quick here to your pc
just let me do it for every single one
of them and then we already done here
with this registry pack as well and in
the final step we're gonna click onto
clean junk files guys and we're gonna
click onto this exit which is going to
redirect us to normal disk cleanup and i
would definitely recommend you guys
after some time always making sure that
your direct shader cache is clean guys
yeah this is going to help out so much
because as it already says here with the
description cleanup files created by
graphic system which can speed up
application load time and improve
responsiveness and sometimes these files
are just simply corrupted or after
update you know they're a little bit
changed and everything so therefore make
sure to clean them once in a while and
they get restored every time you launch
the game again so let's just as an
example that you have stutter or fps
drops in fortnite maybe try to delete
your doubt extra cash relaunch the game
the shader cache is gonna get like
rebuilt again and then it should be
fixed and then we also have something
like windows error reports and basically
make sure to select everything which is
somehow here taking up a huge chunk on
your hard drive as an example my
recycling bin is 11.5 gigabytes just
make sure to select everything click
onto ik and delete all of these files
here guys then you just simply gonna let
it run through and then we're already
done here with this step as well and
every time before i actually hop into
fortnite guys i open up no ping here and
make sure that i enable the boost fps
mode and actually also the turbo games
mode which is going to reduce the input
delay of my keyboard and in addition to
that guys notepad can also help you to
reduce the ping of any game you want to
play as an example if you're gonna
search it for fortnite guys we can click
onto it and it's going to showcase me
the best server in my near for the least
amount of pain it usually takes a few
seconds until you can see like the best
one which would for me now be here
london zero two and you can see on
london zero two i get only 23
milliseconds delay whether on frankfurt
17 or any of the other ones guys where i
would get 26 milliseconds so therefore
this already helped me to get three
milliseconds less ping guys and then
we're only going to click onto optimize
game and we already fully connected to
the server with the least amount of
latency in my near guys just simply let
no ping run the background you can boost
your fps reduce the input delay and get
less ping and by the way with the link
in description guys and my code you can
get 20 off as well as the seven days
trial guys and you can pay super easy
wear paypal so therefore this amazing
tool and make sure to check it out
[Music]
and you guys with that said this is it
for today's video if you enjoyed it
please don't forget to leave a like and
subscribe to my channel that's what i've
made you so much and as mentioned also
don't forget to check out the gtx 1080
giveaway and that said have a great day
have a great night whenever you're
watching this and until next time stay
awesome i'm at peace
[Music]
you